New example (Command) (#1048)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeOnline/recipients-in-exchange-online/manage-dynamic-distribution-groups/view-group-members.md

Get-Recipient -RecipientPreviewFilter $FTE.RecipientFilter -OrganizationalUnit $FTE.RecipientContainer
```

> This example displays the list of users and e-mail addresses (More 1000 mailbox)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example displays the list of users and e-mail addresses (more than 1000 mailbox)
```

> This example displays the list of users and e-mail addresses (More 1000 mailbox)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example displays the list of users and e-mail addresses (more than 1000 mailboxes)
```
